Add-on Store: Added the action to cancel the install of a add-on when it is being downloaded. (#16671)
nvaccess/nvda: user_docs/en/changes.md

* NVDA will now report figures with no accessible children, but with a label or description. (#14514)
* When reading by line in browse mode, "caption" is no longer reported on each line of a long figure or table caption. (#14874)
* In the Python console, the last unexecuted command will no longer be lost when moving in the input history. (#16653, @CyrilleB79)

> * Add the action to cancel the download/install of a add-on. You can cancel the ongoing download when the add-on is being downloaded, and cancel the installation of the add-on when it's waiting to be installed. (#15578, @hwf1324)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added an action in the add-on store's updatable/available add-ons list to cancel the download/install of just downloaded add-on(s). (#15578, @hwf1324)

```

* NVDA will now report figures with no accessible children, but with a label or description. (#14514)
* When reading by line in browse mode, "caption" is no longer reported on each line of a long figure or table caption. (#14874)
* In the Python console, the last unexecuted command will no longer be lost when moving in the input history. (#16653, @CyrilleB79)

> * Added an action in the add-on store's updatable/available add-ons list to cancel the install of just downloaded add-on(s). (#15578, @hwf1324)

Reviewer 2: Simplify

```suggestion
* Added an action in the Add-on Store to cancel the install of add-ons. (#15578, @hwf1324)
```
